The Java programming language defines the following kinds of variables:

Instance Variables (Non-Static Fields)

Objects store their individual states in "non-static fields", that is, fields
declared without the static keyword. Non-static fields are also known as
instance variables because their values are unique to each instance of a
class (to each object, in other words). Not always necessary to assign a default
value to a field.

Class Variables (Static Fields)

A class variable is any field declared with the static modifier;
this tells the compiler that there is exactly one copy of this variable
in existence, regardless of how many times the class has been
instantiated. Not always necessary to assign a default
value to a field.

Local Variables

Similar to how an object stores its state in fields, a method
will often store its temporary state in local variables. The syntax for
declaring a local variable is similar to declaring a field (for example,
int count = 0;). There is no special keyword designating a variable as
local; that determination comes entirely from the location in which the
variable is declared — which is between the opening and closing braces
of a method. As such, local variables are only visible to the methods in
which they are declared; they are not accessible from the rest of the
class. They always need to have a default value assigned!

Parameters

Provide extra information to a method. The important thing to remember is that
parameters are always classified as "variables" not "fields". If a parameter
has the same name as a field, it is said to be "shadowing" the field. This
creates difficult code. If the field variable is referenced within that method
it needs to be a fully qualified name using the "this" keyword. Shadowing is
conventionally used only within constructors and methods that set a particular
field.
* Pass-by-value. Passing primitive arguments (int, double, etc) are this kind.
    The parameters exist only within the scope of the method. When the method
    returns, any changes to them are lost.
* Pass-by-value. Reference data data types like objects are also this kind. Huh?
    Mehran called it pass-by-reference.
    Nevertheless, values of the objects field can be changed in the method,
    if they have the proper access level.